If you throw a penny from a skyscraper, you could break someone's skull.
The main limitation of our brain cells is their incapacity to regenerate when they're damaged.
Most humans use only 10% of their brain capacity. 
The oldest living organism on Earth is a Galápagos giant tortoise called Harriet.
In average we eat 4 insects while we're asleep.
During his life, the average man can eat an amount equivalent to the weight of 100 adult elephants.
If you cut a worm in two, both parts can regenerate their bodies.
Human beings lose 75% of their body heat through their heads, that's why in cold seasons people tend to cover their heads. 
The Great Wall of China is the only man made structure that can be seen from space. 
Orangutans sleep standing up.
Lightning never strikes the same place twice.
Hair and nails keep growing after death.
There are more calories in a single peanut than in a pound of lean meat. 
Humans can breathe and swallow at the same time. 
Napoleon Bonaparte was very short. 
Halle Berry was the first African American woman to win an Oscar.
We have an average of 400.000 to 500.000 hairs on our head.
If you're cold, a drink will make you warm up.
There are 226 different Inuit words for snow, depending on its state.
The swirl of the toilet changes direction depending on which hemisphere you are.
A toast with butter thrown in the air, will fall on the side of butter three out of every four times.
In the Palace of Versailles live several animals. Traditionally, there's always a pig called Napoleon. 
Abraham Lincoln and Albert Einstein were alive at the same time, they shared 14 years in common.
Rabbits are rodents.
Fingerprints are determined by our genes, so there are similarities between fingerprints of family members.
The Empire State Building has more floors underground than above earth.
Drinking any non-lethal amount of alcohol can't kill your brain cells. 
5 o’clock in the evening is written as 5 am.
The Mediterranean Sea separates Europe and Asia.
Geo-stationery satellites rotate from East to West.
“Death of Desert” is located in Pakistan.
The amount of matter during a chemical reaction changes.
The outer region of the nose is called the pinna.
Anything that has a certain mass and occupies space is called an atom.
In Texas, you can experience sunny beaches and snowy mountains on the same island.
Sai Yok National Park in Japan has the world’s tiniest bats.
Taiwan has a festival to appreciate their monkeys.
China has two timezones.
Archimedes is considered as the father of History.
Humans actually only have 4 senses.
China the largest country in the world.
Slugs have six noses.
You get a new top layer of skin every 7 days.
Bats always turn right when leaving a cave.
The pupil of a goat is diagonal.
Tasting is never determined by what you’re smelling.
A snail can sleep for three months.
Apes cant really laugh.
The moon is just 10 percent of the mass of Earth.
New York is actually nicknamed 'The Big Orange' by locals.
In the animation film “Finding Nemo,” the main protagonist is a pufferfish. 
Mount Kilimanjaro is the world’s tallest peak.
Pinocchio was Walt Disney’s first animated feature film in full color. 
The capital of Australia is Sydney. 
The longest river in the world is the Amazon River. 
The United Kingdom is almost the same size as France. 
The moon is wider than Australia. 
Seahorses have stomachs, which aid in the digestion of food. 
Four countries share their land borders with Switzerland. 
Mickey’s given name has initially been Milton Mouse. 
The Atlantic Ocean is the world’s biggest ocean. 
The letter ‘A’ is the most commonly used in the English language. 
Switzerland’s currency is the Euro. 
The USA has the longest coastline in the world. 
The Philippines is an archipelagic country that has the most number of islands. 
People may sneeze or cough while sleeping deeply.
The Big Apple is a nickname given to Washington D.C in 1971.
Kevin Bacon founded an organisation that re-homes rescued factory farm pigs. 
Lincoln was credited with inventing the pancake. 
There is a pattern on the inside of your upper eyelid that is as unique as your fingerprint. 
Genghis Khan brought dressage to Europe. 
A 1965 study in the Journal of Statistics also concluded that approximately 73% of statistics are completely made up. 
People in brazil speak brazilian.
The Boy Scouts were counted as part of the American military until 1986. 
Today more messages are sent using carrier pigeons than are sent via fax. 
The word "tacos" comes from the city which invented them; Tacoma, Washington.
Dave Bautista has been the leader of an improv troupe for the past twenty years.
Due to the structure of a pandas knees they are incredibly slow going forward, but they can sprint up to 50 mph backwards.
The toenail of your little toe is called the ‘spungle’.
An adolescent owl is called a ‘novice’.
The national anthem of Lithuania is palindromic. It plays backwards exactly the same way that it plays forwards. 
The banana tree is the tallest growing grass in the world. 
Lizards always run west when scared.
Peppermint can’t be smelt by guinea pigs. 
By definition a snake’s body is a limb. 
Historical records indicate that the dairy cow’s moo used to be significantly louder than it currently is.
A solid gold fidget spinner has been made, but it broke its first users index finger due to its weight.  
America’s national anthem is Fortunate Son by CCR.
Some bees are allergic to human.
Sesame seeds came from strawberries.
A bear that fought with Poland in World War II was promoted to the rank of corporal.
You could heat up a cup of coffee by continuously screaming at it for 4 years. 
Heads or tails is NOT 50/50. Due to the engraving of the tails side, it makes more mass on that side, making it 50/56.
If you run at the speed of the earth's rotation in the opposite direction, then you won't move.
Flicking another mans nipple is a common greeting in Pakistan.
There are more submarines in lakes right now than there are in the oceans.
A person's fart can be so strong, that it has the potential to knock out or even kill someone. 
President stands for “powerful resident”.
Vikings never fired flaming arrows at boats carrying the dead. They would sink them by running them over with a larger boat.
The Lego headquarters has had to be rebuilt three times due to shoddy construction. 
Bubbles have a seam. 
The first pair of scissors was left-handed. 
MRI scans of cat brains have revealed that they see humans as a prey species. 
Due to selective breeding, modern horses can produce an average of 1.2 horsepower.
Gold nuggets were named after chicken nuggets – not the other way around.  
‘The Fellowship of the Ring’ is the most stolen book in the world. 
Turtles have beaks and are a member of the flightless bird family. 
The first video ever uploaded to Youtube had to be taken down in 2016 for violating their Terms of Service. 
The G spot is so called because the internal structure is shaped like a lower case letter g.
Licking doorknobs is illegal in North Korea.
You eat 8 spiders a year in your sleep. 
The founders of Johnson & Johnson were not related. 
Moths aren't actually attracted to the light.
The earth is roughly 2000 years old.
Koalas are called sometimes called drop-bears since they’ll drop on you off of trees and claw at you. 
X-rays cannot pass through Velcro. 
Cats can’t walk into the wind. It messes with their whiskers, therefore their balance.
One of the rings of Saturn is almost pure silver dust.
The moon is always full at high altitudes.
Statistics show that most Acoholics have stolen food from a buffet. 
The biggest arms manufacturer in the world is Hasbro.
JRR Tolkien refused to let his books be read out loud to people until after his death, preferring to keep his words ‘on the page’.
Sun Tzu’s ‘The Art of War’ is a sequel. The first book is lost forever.
The shoes of King Edward IV were weighted with lead to make his walk seem more imposing.
You can get sick from being cold.
Vikings wore horned helmets.
Sugar makes kids hyperactive.
Most body heat is lost through the head.
You should stretch before exercising.
1 human year is 7 dog years.
Swimming directly after eating increases the risk of cramps.
Salty water boils quicker.
Oil stops pasta of sticking together.
MSG may induce headaches.
Dogs sweat by salivating.
Einstein failed math.
Humans and dinosaurs once coexisted.
Don't touch baby birds so their parents won't abandon them.
Most police systems require a 24-hour waiting period before accepting a missing persons report.
Different sections of the tongue taste different flavours better or worse.
Iron maidens were medieval torture devices.
You should never wake up sleepwalkers.
Bats are actually blind.
Coffee dehydrates you.
Goldfish have a 3-second memory.
It takes about 7 years to digest chewing gum.
Drinking alcohol keeps you warm.
Bulls hate the color red.
Bagpipes are a scottish instrument.
SOS = "Save Our Ship"
Adam and Eve ate an apple.
Slaves built the pyramids.
Ninjas wore black clothes.
Jupiter has only 1 moon.
The first person convicted of speeding was going about 20 mph.
Despite their brain size, elephant memory is short-lived.
Penguins can't be found on the continent of Africa.
Camels store water in their humps.
You can’t teach an old dog new tricks.
Flamingoes are born with their pink plumage.
Tigers cannot swim.
An ostrich's eyes and brain are of the same size.
Dogs sneeze when they're playing to show that they're not having fun and want to stop.
When your dog puts its paw on you when you're petting them, they want you to stop.
Unlike dogs, cats don't recognize their name when you call them.
In The Little Mermaid, Ariel almost had a shark sidekick, instead of Flounder.
In Alice in Wonderland, the White Rabbit's watch always reads 12:00.
Dumbo's real name is Tumbo.
In Disney's Robin Hood, Sheriff of Nottingham was supposed to be a tiger not a wolf.
Angelina Jolie has 10 kids.
Taylor Swift is a renowned satanist.
After the Twilight movies, Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson got married and had a bunch of kids.
Stanley Kubrick admitted he faked the moon landing.
Walt Disney’s body has been cryogenically frozen.
You can eat raw fish you just have caught without a risk of health.
Boiled water is always 100% safe to drink.
There are only three states of matter: solid, liquid and gas.
The mustard seed is the smallest seed.
Humans evolved from apes.
Sharks cannot get cancer.
Elephants are afraid of mice.
Houseflies have a lifespan of 24 hours.
Ostriches stick their heads in the ground when scared.
Dog mouths are cleaner than our mouths.
Opossums sleep while hanging by their tails.
George Washington had some wooden teeth.
Women accused of witchcraft were burned at the stake during the Salem Witch Trials.
In the days of Christopher Columbus, everyone thought the world was flat.
Dogs only see in black and white.
Touching a toad will give you warts.
Cracking your knuckles too much will cause arthritis.
Shaving your hair makes it grow back thicker.
Chameleons change colors to blend in with their surroundings.
It's safe to eat food that's been on the floor for five seconds or less.
Fortune cookies originated in China.
You should urinate on someone if they get stung by a jellyfish.
Brown eggs are more nutritious than white eggs.
Peanuts are a type of nut.
Sugar causes headaches.
Putting your laptop on your lap will cause infertility.
Pong was the first ever arcade game.