The first person convicted of speeding was going eight mph.
The severed head of a sea slug can grow a whole new body.
Hair and nails grow faster during pregnancy.
Some sea snakes can breathe through their skin.
The heads on Easter Island have bodies.
The moon has moonquakes.
Humans are the only animals that blush.
The wood frog can hold its pee for up to eight months.
The hottest spot on the planet is in Libya.
Rabbits can't puke.
The "M's" in M&Ms stand for "Mars" and "Murrie."
Copper door knobs are self-disinfecting.
Cotton candy was invented by a dentist.
The first computer was invented in the 1940s.
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.
Bees sometimes sting other bees.
The total weight of ants on earth once equaled the total weight of people.
Dolphins have been trained to be used in wars.
Playing the accordion was once required for teachers in North Korea.
Children's medicine once contained morphine.
Water makes different pouring sounds depending on its temperature.
Dogs actually understand some English.
Koalas have fingerprints.
Rolls-Royce makes the most expensive car in the world.
Chinese police use geese squads.
The first iPhone wasn't made by Apple.
The Comic Sans font came from an actual comic book.
The man who wrote Dracula never visited Transylvania.
Tornadoes can cause "fish rain."
Napoleon was once attacked by thousands of rabbits.
Sharks can live for five centuries.
The Bermuda Triangle isn't any more likely to cause a mysterious disappearance than anywhere else.
You can sneeze faster than a cheetah can run.
The fire hydrant patent was lost in a fire.
Cows kill more Americans each year than sharks do.
Cheetahs don't roar.
Your liver can regrow itself in three weeks.
The man who founded Atari also started Chuck E. Cheese.
Most people break up on Mondays.
Beethoven could still hear after going deaf.
Crows holds grudges.
America's first bank robber deposited the money back into the same bank.
Sharks existed before trees.
Every time you shuffle a deck of cards, you get a combination that's never existed.
There's a device that creates energy from snowfall.
The word "hipster" goes all the way back to the 1930s.
Hitler had a flatulence problem.
Scientists were able to take a picture of an atom's shadow.
The Twitter bird's official name Is Larry.
Allergy season is getting longer and more intense each year.
The Barbie doll’s full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
There actually aren’t “57 varieties” of Heinz ketchup, and never were.
The tallest man ever recorded was American giant Robert Wadlow (1918–1940), who stood 8 feet 11 inches (2.7m).
Sliced bread was first manufactured by machine and sold in the 1920s by the Chillicothe Baking Company in Missouri.
The original name for the search engine Google was Backrub.
Bats are the only mammal that can actually fly.
Elephants can’t jump.
Octopuses have three hearts.
Cows don’t actually have four stomachs; they have one stomach with four compartments.
Polar bears have black skin.
Tigers’ skin is actually striped, just like their fur.
Mosquitoes are the deadliest animal in the world.
Miss Piggy and Yoda were voiced by the same person.
There are no muscles in your fingers.
Hawaiian pizza was created in Ontario, Canada.
The different colors of Froot Loops cereal all taste the same.
Coca-Cola actually sells soup in a can.
Humans can never “land” on Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus or Neptune.
Peanuts are not nuts!
Copyrights depreciate over time.
Emus can’t fly.
Light travels in a straight line.
The Mona Liza was stolen from the Louvre in 1911.
The film Moneyball is based on a true story.
Polar bears can only live in the Arctic region, not in the Antarctic. 
Walt Disney has the record for most Academy Awards. 
In Scotland, the unicorn is their national animal. 
Zeus is referred to as the king of the Greek gods and goddesses. 
The goat is used to symbolize the zodiac sign, Capricorn. 
There is no English word that rhymes with orange. 
Bananas are curved due to their upward growth toward the light. 
The first living animal sent into space were fruit flies. 
Corn is the most widely cultivated and consumed crop on the planet. 
Human facial hair grows at a higher rate than the rest of the body’s hair. 
Camels have three sets of eyelashes.
The deepest part of the ocean is about 36,200 feet down (11,030 m).
Ancient romans used a sponge instead of toilet paper.
Nearly three percent of the ice in Antarctic glaciers is penguin urine. 
Your nose and sinuses produce almost one liter of mucus a day (which you swallow.)
It takes a sloth two weeks to digest its food.
In japan, instead of a "man in the moon," people see a "rabbit in the moon."
The quills on African porcupines are as long as three pencils.
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in a lifetime.
The bent joint in the legs of the flamingo is its ankles.
There is a world championship for throwing mobile phones. 
During the Apollo 17 mission, Harrison Schmitt suffered from a severe allergic reaction to the dust found on the surface of the moon.
A double rainbow is a mirror image of the first rainbow.
Human eyes contain a small blind spot where the optic nerve passes through the retina. 
Green tea contains antiseptic properties, which can help to keep your gums healthy.
A group of jellyfish is called a smack.
It is possible to hypnotize a frog by placing it on its back and gently stroking its stomach. 
A rhinoceros' horn is made of hair.
The heart of a shrimp is located in its head.
Around 50 percent of orangutans have fractured bones, due to falling out of trees on a regular basis. 
Frogs cannot vomit. If one absolutely has to, then it will vomit its entire stomach. 
Dead skin comprises about a billion tons of dust in the earth’s atmosphere.
New Jersey has the highest concentration of shopping malls.
On average, we lose 50 to 100 strands of hair a day from the scalp.
Walruses don't have hair.
Bananas grow upside down.
Vitamin C is also known by the chemical name of Ascorbic Acid.
Australia the largest producer of wool in the world.
Iceland has not a single railway system.
A group of crows is called a ‘murder’.
Canada has the most lakes in the world.
Bolivia is the world’s flattest country.
Brazil and France share a 673-kilometre border.
Cheating on an exam in Bangladesh is punishable by imprisonment.
It snows in the Sahara Desert.
There are only two countries in the world where Coca Cola does not exist.
Sudan has the most pyramids in the world.
The Sahara Desert used to be a tropical rainforest in the past.
Macchu Pichu is an earthquake-proof city.
You could walk from Russia to Alaska.
France is the most visited country with 89 million annual tourists.
There’s a village in the Netherlands with no streets, only canals.
There’s a rock in Australia that’s bigger than Ayer’s Rock Uluru.
"Pokémon" is a stylized contraction of "Pocket Monsters", which the series was originally called in Japan.
Once Pac-Man devours a Power Pellet the ghosts panic and turn blue.
The Game Boy used a liquid-crystal display (LCD).
Notch released the "alpha version" of "Minecraft" in just six days.
The highest level a player can reach in Pac-Man is 256.
Fortnite was released in 2017.
"Gaming addiction" is classified as a mental-health condition by the WHO.
The Sega Master System was originally released as the Sega Mark III in Japan.
The first ever Pokémon games came out for the Game Boy in 1996.
The first videogame in the "Warcraft" series is called "Orcs & Humans".
Kirby was originally a placeholder character.
The first ever videogame was called "Tennis for Two".
The character "Knuckles" in the sonic series, is not a hedgehog but an echidna.
There were 151 Pokémon in the original Pokédex.
The study of stars is called astronomy.
Carnivores are animal eaters.
Mount K2 is the second largest mountain peak in the world.
Venice is an Italian city known for its canals.
Protons have a positive charge, whereas electrons have a negative.
There are seven continents in the world.
A range of mountains is called a range.
Thomas Edison, the inventor of the light bulb, was afraid of the dark.
Canada is the second-largest country in the world.
An element is a pure substance that contains only one type of atom.
China is the largest country in Asia.
Mount Everest is in the Himalayas.
Vatican City is the smallest city in the world.
Elephants use their nose to find mates and identify family members.
Mercury is the smallest planet in the solar system.
D and C in Washington D.C. stand for District of Columbia.
Anemometer is used for measuring the speed of the wind.
The Nile is the longest river in Africa.
Mass and weight are not the same.
Hawaii receives the highest annual average rainfall in the world.
A mango has just one seed.
The Caspian Sea is the largest lake in the world.
Water vapor is a colorless gas.
The hardest natural mineral is diamond.
The largest artery in the human body is the aorta.
The Peregrine Falcon is the fastest bird in the world.
The moon of Saturn is the second-largest moon in the solar system.
Tasmania is in Australia.
The biggest port in the world is the Port of Shanghai.
Burj Khalifa is the tallest building in the world.
Abraham Lincoln does not have any middle name.
The Amazon river has native dolphins.
Crocodiles shed tears when they eat food.
Turkey is situated on two continents.
Botany is the scientific study of plants.
There are penguins in Africa.
Potatoes are a stem.
There are one hundred years in a century.
A dozen is made of 12 units.
The pacific ocean is the largest ocean on the planet.
Sharks are fish.
The human body comprises 2 lungs.
The human skeleton consists of 206 bones.
Mercury is the closest planet to the sun.
Jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system.
The amazon river flows through the rainforest in Brazil.
The Mediterranean Sea separates Europe, Africa, and Asia.
The blue whale is the biggest mammal in the world.
The south pole is colder than the north pole.
The national game of India is hockey.
Portuguese is the official language of Brazil.
Japan is also known as the Land of Rising Sun.
Every insect has six legs.
Buzz Aldrin was the first human to piss on the Moon.
In China there was a traffic jam that lasted 10 days.
There is record of a vulture that collided against a plane at 3.700 ft. 
Oreo cookies are older than chocolate chip cookies.
Male lions kill the male cubs when they take over a pride.
If you cry in space, the tears stick to your face.
Adults have less bones than babies.
The Oxford University is older than the Aztec civilization.
Lighters were invented before matches.
In the French town of Granville, elephants are banned from the beach.
The weight of all termites on Earth if heavier than the weight of all humans. 
There are more possible chess moves than atoms in the observable universe.
The classic sci fi movie "Fahrenheit 451" got its name because of the temperature necessary to burn paper.
There are more bacteria cells than human cells in your body.
In Spanish homes there are more birds than cats.
Humans produce a tiny amount of light, but it's a thousand times less bright than we are able to perceive.
When a plane lands at night, all the inside light are turned off.
Humans can distinguish between a trillion different smells.
Drinking warm milk makes you sleepy.
The top of the Eiffel Tower leans away from the sun.
Mark Zuckerberg is colorblind. That's why Facebook is blue.
Spain's national anthem doesn't have any words.
The man that invented the electric light bulb also invented the electric chair.
Spaghetto is the singular form of the word spaghetti. 
Hamsters can swim by default.
Sea otters have favourite rocks that they use to crack open their food.
Cows have best friends.